Make Caps Lock delay more reasonable (#6199)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/config_options.md

  * how long for the Combo keys to be detected. Defaults to `TAPPING_TERM` if not defined.
* `#define TAP_CODE_DELAY 100`
  * Sets the delay between `register_code` and `unregister_code`, if you're having issues with it registering properly (common on VUSB boards). The value is in milliseconds.
* `#define TAP_HOLD_CAPS_DELAY 80`

>   * Sets the delay for Tap Hold keys (`LT`, `MT`) when using `KC_CAPSLOCK` keycode, as this has some special handling on MacOS.  The value is in milliseconds, and defaults to 80ms if not defined.  For MacOS, you may want to set this to 200+.

Reviewer: Tiny little change: units are usually separated from the quantity by a space. Also, remove the double space after the period.
```suggestion
  * Sets the delay for Tap Hold keys (`LT`, `MT`) when using `KC_CAPSLOCK` keycode, as this has some special handling on MacOS.  The value is in milliseconds, and defaults to 80 ms if not defined. For MacOS, you may want to set this to 200 or higher.
```

>   * Sets the delay for Tap Hold keys (`LT`, `MT`) when using `KC_CAPSLOCK` keycode, as this has some special handling on MacOS.  The value is in milliseconds, and defaults to 80 ms if not defined. For MacOS, you may want to set this to 200 or higher.

Reviewer: Just noticed: macOS spelling 🙄
```suggestion
  * Sets the delay for Tap Hold keys (`LT`, `MT`) when using `KC_CAPSLOCK` keycode, as this has some special handling on MacOS.  The value is in milliseconds, and defaults to 80 ms if not defined. For macOS, you may want to set this to 200 or higher.
```
